The considered problem is the temperature distribution due to a heating torch over a plate.
The numerical model is able to simulate the temperature distribution inside the plate using the finite difference method.
For boundary conditions ghost cells are used.
For the numerical solution, the finite difference method was used.

The main considerations are:
2D and transient model;
Mobile heat source, with a constant velocity (v[m/s]) of the nozzle in the x-axis direction;
Fluid dynamics and phase change effects are disregarded;
Convective thermal exchanges.

"matrixa.m" matrix to define type of cell.
"matrixb.m" matrix for the source terms.
Running "Welding.m" in the presence of "matrixa.m" and "matrixb.m",will generate the "Temperature.txt" file necessary to run the "Golden_section_method.m" 
(which also needs "matrixa.m" and "matrixb.m" to run) case

The "Welding.m" generates three images:
1 - The temperature distribution in the metal sheet.
2 - Mesh convergence for cooling
3 - Mesh convergence for heating

For the mesh convergence three points were tested and data are aquired on them for each time that the simulations run.

The golden section algorithm:
A white Gaussian noise was added to the temperatures analyzed for the mesh convergence test. 
The objective is to simulate a real extraction of data through thermocouples installed on a plate subjected to a welding process 
and verify if the model is able to calculate the heat flux from the sensor data.
To test the developed routine, a range was defined for the heat flux values to analyze the temperature response. For each flux value, 
this temperature is then compared with the one subjected to the white Gaussian noise. Then, a new heat flux value is entered, according 
to an optimization technique, and the temperature response is compared again with that submitted to white noise.
This test was performed following different optimization criteria to obtain the heat flux corresponding to the noisy temperature. 
The comparison of temperature data is performed by means of the sum of the squares of the temperature differences between the simulated 
temperature and the temperature with noise, which would correspond to that obtained experimentally.
The technique used was the search for the golden section. It is a technique for finding maxima or minima of a function by narrowing the 
range between values within which there is a maximum and minimum value. The name of the technique comes from the fact that it maintains 
the golden ratio between the two previous values tested and the new point to be tested.

For analysis through the golden section, an interval from -10 to -108 was established for the test of the golden section technique. The results are shown in figure 3

The "Golden_section_method.m" generates four images:
1 - Temperature distribution on the plate
2 - Mesh test for cooling
3 - Heat flux in the reverse analysis by the golden section search technique
4 - Mesh test for heating
